# Database-Web-Application-in-Python-SQL-and-HTML
This is a relational database web application project that I completed in Python Flask, MySQL, and HTML as part of an NYU course I took in Summer 2020. In this project, I created a MySQL relational database for a simple airline ticket reservation system (see "Relational Database.sql" for the database creation queries and "Relational Database.pdf" for a database visualization made in draw.io). I then implemented this database in a web application using Python Flask and a number of HTML page templates. In this system, users can view public flight information (search for flights and flight statuses), and customers and airline staff members can register for their own accounts. Once customers log in to their accounts, they can see their future and past flights, search all flights, search for public flights, purchase tickets, give ratings and comments on past flights, and track their spending. Once airline staff members log in to their accounts, they can view all flights and flight customers, create new flights, change flight statuses, add airplanes, add airports, view flight ratings, view frequent customers, and view reports of tickets sold, their airline's quarterly revenue, and the top destinations for which tickets have been purchased.

# Instructions to Run 
For this project, you will need to create a MySQL database and run the queries (in "Relational Database.sql") to create and fill tables in that database. Then you'll need to download all of the HTML Page Templates in the "templates" folder as well as the "Web Application.py" Python script. To run this Python script, you will need to load several packages (flask, pymysql, datetime, and pandas) and then connect to your MySQL database using pymysql.
